You know, they say social media has ruined the world.
They say it's ruined an entire generation.
They say that it's the reason that so many people are anxious in social situations.
So many people are insecure. So many people are miserable and depressed.
But you know, after a couple of years hearing about this subject,
Thinking about this subject, I don't know if that's true, bro.
I was watching a couple of videos actually a while back,
And this guy named Gary Vee was talking about this specific subject, you know,
How everybody has their opinions about social media and a lot of people in general.
Have negative things to say about social media, like all the things I just said.
But the reality is that social media hasn't really changed anything
In terms of human behavior or society or anything like that.
I can't say for sure that it hasn't changed anything.
But what I'm trying to say right now is that social media hasn't changed us,
It's simply revealed us. You know?
I think social media just made it more apparent who we really are,
What we really think, what's really important to us,
What we're really about. You know what I'm saying?
So if you are just like an insecure person, social media just exacerbated that problem.
It didn't create the problem. Like, the problem was pre-existing. You know what I'm saying?
And social media just gave people a way to make the problem worse.
I don't know if that makes sense to you. But another example,
Like if you're a really vain person. And it's all about you,
You need the attention, you want the spotlight and that kind of thing.
Social media just gave you an avenue to pursue that even more.
It didn't make you that way. It just allows you to be more that way or to be more of that,
I guess is a more natural way to say it. You know?
The same thing with like bitch ass niggas.
If you were a bitch ass nigga before you download social media.
Social media... I think that's who's winning these days on social media is the bitch ass niggas
Because they finally found a place where they can be bitch ass niggas
Without suffering the consequences of being a bitch. You know what I'm saying?
And what I mean by that is like,
I'm sure you've seen or experienced yourself at some point to some little bitch who is so miserable,
So sad, so insecure that they feel the need to reach out to other people online
And spread that hate and that negativity, you know, that insecurity and all that type of stuff.
Somebody who's in the comment section just talking shit.
Criticizing you or whoever made the video or the post or whatever it is.
Just talking shit, being a little bitch.
Saying shit that they would never say to your face, you know?
And typically it's like miserable little like boys. I don't know.
I don't get too many negative comments or bullshit comments from females I've noticed.
Generally is guys. Just miserable guys at home like on their cell phone
Just so miserable and they see something that makes them feel some kind of way
Or they don't like it and they're like,
Nah, I just got to... I got to put my 2 cents in.
My fucking rusty two little punk ass pennies. I got to put them in there.
And the thing is, getting back to my point is like, in real life,
In the real world, at least where I'm from, where I grew up,
Where I went to high school and stuff like that, where I live now, shit.
If you just go around talking shit, disrespecting people, hating on people,
Trying to bring people down, you know, you're not going to have many friends, bro.
You're not going to be the type of person that people want to be around, typically.
You might find some other miserable motherfuckers who identify with you
And all of y'all can just be miserable together.
But most likely you're going to be very lonely
Because most people don't want to be around the negative little bitch.
You know what I'm saying? Most people don't.
And the thing is like, as a man, you know...
I don't know, ladies I don't know if you'll understand this.
But as a man like, respect I think is one of the most important things to us. Respect.
And if you go around in person, in real life, go around like,
You walk up to a man who is I don't know, let's say he's a musician. Who cares?
But for the example, let's say he's a musician,
And you walk up to him and you just start talking shit. Your music is trash.
You're a bitch. You're ugly. Your style is wack. Blah, blah, blah.
Like, a lot of guys, including myself probably won't care because it's just words,
You're just talking shit. But if you keep... If you do that long enough,
If you keep disrespecting person after person, eventually you're going to come across the wrong one, bro.
Eventually. Like, there's a lot of people out there and we're all similar, but we're different.
So you might get away with, you know,
Being a disrespectful little bitch four or five times,
Ten or eleven times, thirty or thirty-one times.
But eventually, you get to number 32 who is not with the bullshit.
And you come up talking shit, disrespecting this man and he's going to slap the taste out of your mouth.
And maybe you don't know what that means, to get the taste slapped out of your mouth.
To slap the taste out of someone's mouth, I don't know if it's like an idiom or an expression,
But it's something that we say and it basically means to slap somebody in the mouth
So hard that they cannot taste anymore. You know, literally that's what it means.
But it just really means to slap somebody really, really, really, really hard.
You know, and it's just an expression that we use from time to time,
Like "Nigga, I'll slap the taste out of your mouth. Fucking with me". You know what I'm saying?
But yeah, back to my point. You disrespect the wrong one, bro.
Like a lot of people, myself included, would just let it slide.
Like, I'm at the point in life now where generally words like, don't have much of an effect on me.
If somebody is talking shit or whatever, it's like, okay, whatever, bro.
But some people are just not that evolved, let's say. And you pushed the wrong button, bro.
Your jaw is going to get tested. You know?
So social media is just, like, gave bitch ass niggas a platform to be little bitches,
But they don't have the consequences of being a bitch.
Because in real life there are real consequences depending on the situation.
But on social media, you just send out the message and you don't really ever feel anything sent back to you.
Even if you get a comment back, it's just a comment.
And I imagine bitches niggas feed off that shit.
They want the negative interaction, they want those comments and shit like that.
They want to know that they made you feel some type of way. That they got you.
You know what I'm saying? You read their comment.
And that comment made you feel some kind of way and they got you. Right?
Even if just for a second, they got you. That's what they want.
So getting back to the original point, it's like that...
I don't think social media created that, it just facilitated that behavior.
It already existed, you know? I think now it just...
It's much more clear who people are and what they're about when they present themselves on social media.
You can tell a lot. Not everything, of course.
Because, you know, you can only show so much of yourself on social media
And you get to choose how you show yourself on social media.
So it's not like we're seeing who people really are 100%.
But what I'm saying is you see what people are really about when you pay attention to what they say and do.
So, whatever people are saying and doing on social media,
I don't think it's because we have social media,
I think that's just who they were and now they get a chance to express it.
We get to see it, you know? I don't know.
Anyway, man, this is Coffee with Kaizen number 33, if I'm not mistaken.
And if you haven't noticed by now, I'm talking about nothing, man.
Talking about a bunch of stuff, but nothing in particular.
It's just been a while since I sat down to record.
I wanted to say what's up to you. You know what I'm saying?
And that was on my mind before I started recording because as you might know,
I got a pretty large following on TikTok. And that's where I get like,
The most interaction, the most comments, the most, you know, engagement, let's say.
And of course, you know, once you get past a certain number of like followers,
And video views consistently, you just get all kinds of people watching your videos,
Commenting, sharing, etc. Right?
And I won't say all the time, but quite often you just get
These little bitch ass niggas leaving bitch ass comments.
And sometimes I read the comments... Because I try to read a lot of them from time to time.
I don't spend too much time on social just reading and interacting anymore
Because I just don't have time for it. But I still, at least a couple of times a week,
Try to get in there and read some comments, answer questions,
Get new ideas for videos, and stuff like that. So you just see, you know,
Scattered throughout the long list of comments and shit,
Just some bitch ass niggas who are miserable and feel the need to bring that negativity to what I'm doing. You know?
And that's what made me think about it this morning before I started recording.
I'm just like, Man, some of these niggas have never been punched in the face, clearly.
Some of these niggas just don't know what it feels like to get
Punched in the fucking face for being a disrespectful little bitch.
They just don't know what it feels like. Because in my opinion, somebody who knows what that feels like,
Somebody who's experienced that before knows that that's not the way one should behave. You know what I'm saying?
And I'm speaking for myself, obviously,
Like I've been a disrespectful little bitch with a bad attitude before, and guess what happened?
My behavior got corrected by a nigga much bigger and stronger than me.
He beat the shit out of me. So I think once that happens to you once or twice,
You kind of understand there's ways to behave and there's ways not to behave.
And being a disrespectful human being is not a proper way to behave.
Not if you want to live a peaceful life, you know.
Because like I said, you might get away with it here and there,
But eventually, you're going to try the wrong one and get fucked up.
You're gonna get fucked up, man. For real.
So, yeah. Just be careful, man. Just be careful.
Maybe you're a badass. Maybe you don't care.
Maybe you could beat anyone's ass so you're not afraid to say what you want to say
Or be disrespectful, have a bad attitude, or whatever.
And if that's the case, you know, do what you got to do. You know?
Good for you, I guess. But most people, bad choice, man. That's a bad choice.
Don't be a bitch ass nigga, all right? Don't be a bitch ass nigga.
Also, don't... I've been saying, I just noticed I've been saying that a lot.
Be very careful using that term "bitch ass nigga". Maybe you don't know what that means.
A bitch ass nigga is kind of like, a coward. Yeah. Yeah.
Bitch ass nigga is basically a coward or fucking lame. You know?
Somebody who wasn't raised right, doesn't have the right values. You know what I'm saying?
No respect. Just a little coward. And that cowardice manifests itself in his or her behavior.
Typically, we call a man a bitch ass nigga. If it was a woman,
Probably just call her a bitch and they would have the same idea or meaning in this context.
You know what I'm saying? Just a coward.
Somebody with a bad attitude, no respect, no values. You know?
But 'nigga', as I'm sure you know, is a complicated word that I don't recommend you say.
As I always say, you can say whatever you want, but I'm just...
Just letting you know I recommend that you do not use the word 'nigga'.
So you can say "that bitch ass guy", doesn't sound as natural.
Or "that bitch ass dude". Or you can just, you can call a man a bitch, too.
That nigga is a bitch. You see, I keep saying 'nigga' just because it's a part of my speech.
But, yeah. Anyway, just be careful with that one.
Hang on a second. I wrote down a couple of talking points
Because I wanted to talk about nothing in particular,
But at least have some direction so I'm not just rambling for the next hour and a half.
I really only wrote down three things.
The first one was that social media stuff I just told you about.
And the other thing that was on my mind was the idea of having animals as pets
Because every morning I might enjoy a cup of coffee out on my balcony and I can look...
I live on the second floor and I know in other countries you guys talk about floors in different ways.
So let me explain that really quickly. In the U.S. in a building that has more than one floor.
The floor that you enter the building on is called the 'ground floor'.
So let's imagine you're going to a hotel. You park your car.
You get out of the car and you walk into the hotel. You're on the ground floor.
Quite literally, because you're on the ground. You're standing on the ground.
But that's also, how can I say... Not also, I'm getting confused here.
So you walk into the building, that's the ground floor. Then you go up to the first floor.
But now I'm not sure because the ground floor and the first floor I'm pretty sure are the same thing.
Damn, I'm confusing myself. Let's get on to the Googles and make sure that's true.
I'm pretty sure. I would call it the first floor. Yeah, I know it is.
Ground floor is the first floor. All right, let's see.
In British English, the floor of a building at street level is called the ground floor,
And the floor above is the ground floor.
And the floor above it is the ground floor, It is called the first floor.
Who the fuck wrote that sentence? Yeah. So in American English, however,
The floor at street level is usually called the first floor. That's what I thought.
So the floor at street level, on the ground is both the ground floor and the first floor.
You can call it either one. I'm staying on the ground floor of this hotel
Or I'm on the first floor of this hotel. It's the same thing.
Now, when you go upstairs to the next level, to the next floor, that is the second floor.
Now, I know in many other countries that's not the case. Like, for example, in Brazil,
The first floor is the floor that you have to walk up the stairs to reach. You see what I'm saying?
So they have the ground floor, then you go upstairs to the first floor, then second and third, etc.
But in the U.S, the first floor is also the ground floor.
Why I was telling you about that? I don't remember. Ah yeah, pets.
So I live on the second floor in an apartment.
So I was looking downstairs and every morning this guy,
He has two medium-sized dogs and he takes them outside to use the bathroom and do what they do.
And I was just sitting there thinking, man, like, how strange it is to keep an animal as a pet.
That is such a strange concept. You don't think so? That's strange, dog.
Like to... And dogs and cats specifically, no other animals.
I mean, other people have like, snakes, and lizards and fish, birds.
But animals in general, like just to keep them as pets,
To keep them locked up in your apartment, holding them hostage. Like, that's weird to me.
And I know a lot of people say, well, I rescued this animal or I'm feeding this animal,
I'm giving it a nice home, I take care of it. So, you know, it's fair.
And if they wanted to leave, they could. But could they? Could they really?
Could they really especially those pets that were born inside, they were born in captivity.
Could they really leave if they wanted to, bro?
Could they really leave your house and then survive in the wild?
Could they find a way to feed themselves, protect themselves from other animals,
Find a warm place to sleep? Could they do that?
If they've never had to ever before in life, they were born in a fucking living room
And they spent their life in your bedroom having food fed to them,
Having themselves cleaned by human beings. Could they really survive outside?
I don't know. I think cats could. Cats are very, very intelligent animals.
I'm sure a cat could survive. Cats are fucking gangsters. But dogs?
I don't know. I feel like a dog would get itself into trouble. You know?
Just thinking about the U.S., I guess. But yeah, it's kind of strange, right?
The idea like, you're going to take this animal.
You're going to pay for it, first of all, like a slave.
You're going to pay $700 for this pit bull.
How the fuck do you put a price on an animal's life? Who decides what the price is? You know?
It's like you would never sell a kid, but a dog totally fine. Sell it. Fuck it, you know?
So you pay 700 bucks for this pit bull. You bring it home and you say, I'm your master.
You sit when I tell you to sit. You shit when I tell you to shit.
You eat when I tell you to eat. You sleep where I tell you to sleep, motherfucker.
And you let me rub my hands all over you with no permission.
I don't remember where I heard that, but I never realized it until that moment.
I was watching a video or something like that, and this guy was like,
Have you noticed that it's totally normal to fucking molest animals without their permission?
Maybe you don't know what molest means. And to be honest,
I don't have a definition for you, so I'm going to find it really quick.
Molest definition. To assault or abuse a person, especially a woman or a child sexually.
Yeah. Basically, yeah. That's what it means to molest.
So imagine a fucking dog that cannot speak. And especially strangers, right?
Strangers will just walk up to somebody's dog, "Oh, he's so cute".
And start petting the dog, rubbing their hands all over it.
And the dog has no choice. It's like, Yeah, I guess fucking touch me, stranger.
You know what I'm saying? It's weird.
And of course, a dog lover would be like, "No, obviously he loves it.
His tail's wagging and he's coming closer to me" and shit like that.
It's like, Yeah, but you don't know what the dog's thinking. Right? You don't really know.
Just like on those nature shows where they tell you all the whales swim in this direction
And they do this movement because of this. It's like,
How the fuck do you know? Did you talk to the whale? Did it tell you that?
I doubt it. I highly doubt it. So how do they know these things? You know?
Anyway, I just think it's kind of weird the idea of keeping a pet.
I think people love animals and they want to treat animals well.
And I like the idea of having... it's strange but I like it.
Like, I want some dogs. I want a couple of cats. I love animals.
It'd be nice to have them as pets, you know? But at the same time, it's just a weird idea.
I don't know. It's just a weird idea to keep animals in your house.
Like somewhere in between your child and a slave is what a pet is.
Maybe that's like a really sinister way of looking at it.
Because I understand the positives, right?
Some people are lonely and the pets keep them company.
Other people are very anxious and having a pet near them helps them with their anxiety, for example.
Other people are blind and they need a dog to lead them around and stuff like that.
I understand the utility of having a pet.
There are many reasons that one could have a pet. But still, just repla...
Imagine if it weren't an animal and it were just a small human being and you treated it like a pet.
Imagine that. A little human being that you bought.
I don't know how it works in other countries, but here,
Depending on where you go it's a normal thing to pull into a grocery store parking lot
And somebody is out there with a van and they have the back of their van opened
And there's a box inside full of baby puppies or kittens or something like that.
And they got a big sign on their car that says "Puppies for sale". A normal thing.
Imagine that, you're pulling up to the grocery store.
You see a car over there by itself in the parking lot, it says "Puppies for sale".
You can walk over there, give that person $300 and you'll have a baby puppy.
You just take it home. Do whatever you want. Fuck it.
Imagine if those were small people. You drive up to that same grocery store.
The car's over there, it says "Small people for sale".
You walk over there, you pay $300 for a small human being. Do whatever you want.
Fuck it. Take it home, feed it, clothe it.
That's another weird, weird, weird, weird thing to me, bro.
I don't know if you guys do this in your country, but in the U.S,
Not everyone, it's a question of culture and class,
But some people here have made the habit of putting clothing on their animals, especially dogs.
It'll be Christmas time, so they'll put a Christmas sweater on their dog
And a Santa Claus hat and maybe some boots or something like that.
And it's so cute. It's so... It's adorable.
And maybe I'm like, just way too cynical or skeptical.
I don't know the word I'm looking for, but maybe I'm just too negative on this subject.
But that is fucking weird. That's not cute to me. That's humiliating.
To dress up an animal like a little elf or a Santa Claus.
You know what I'm saying? Like, that's humiliating.
Like, imagine if you were eight or nine years old, especially if you're a boy,
You're a little boy, nine years old. And your parents say,
Oh, it would be so cute if we put a little tutu on you, a little skirt
And a Santa Claus hat and some boots and some stockings.
Wouldn't that be cute? And you had no choice. You couldn't even say, "No, I don't want to".
They just put the clothes on you and make you walk around like that.
Imagine that. It's fucking humiliating.
Who told you, who told you that the dog was fine wearing these, like, ridiculous clothes?
Who gave you the idea to put clothes on a fucking dog?
That's my question. Humiliating, bro.
The dog has no say in the matter. He has no choice.
And again, I just ask you to put a human being in that same situation and ask yourself,
Is that right? Would that be okay? Put yourself in that situation.
Would you be okay with that? You know what I'm saying?
That's the way I think about it. Because animals can't talk, bro. We have no idea.
And a lot of people's argument like I said is, Well, the animal hasn't run away,
So he must be okay with it. The animal isn't complaining,
So he must be okay with it. But you've got to remember, bro,
Like a slave born in captivity, sometimes doesn't know he's a slave
And doesn't know that there's life outside of captivity.
So just because they're not complaining or saying anything about it doesn't make it right.
It doesn't mean they're okay with it. They just don't know anything else.
They know whatever you tell it, whatever you show it,
Especially if it was born in captivity like I said.
Of course, animals have certain instincts. But, you know, my point is the same.
So, I don't know. It's just something weird, like even not just cats and dogs, but fish.
They take a fish out of its natural habitat and put it in like a four by two-foot tank and say,
"This is your world now. You may not go beyond these four pieces of glass. Have fun".
It's fucking weird. That's weird.
And we're totally okay with just locking up animals because they're animals and,
Well, I feed it and keep its home clean. At least it's not out there in the wild.
I rescued it and I saved it. I think that's bullshit.
And I'm not against having pets, bro. Like I said, I want a couple of dogs and cats. You know?
I'm not against it. I just think it's weird.
I just think it's one of those weird things that when you really stop and think about it, it's unjustifiable.
But we do it anyway. There's a lot of things like that,
And having pets is one of them. I would love to know what you think about this.
And again, I love animals, bro. I would love to have some pets. I'm not against it, you know.
I'm not judging anyone. I'm just saying, it's weird. What do you think?
Even the zoo, it makes... It's kind of similar, right?
The zoo is just like a giant place for these animal slaves. You know?
It's really what it is. It's a giant prison. I remember I was in San Diego, California, bro.
San Diego, California, and two of my aunts had come down from up north.
Where were they? Not up north, but they were like in the Orange County area,
Which is close to LA, they lived a couple of hours away.
So they came down to visit me and we went to the zoo and we're just driving through the zoo,
Like not driving through. But it was a really, really, really big zoo and
You could go on this kind of like mini safari.
They would put you in a truck and take you through this artificial desert land
That was supposed to represent like, the African desert.
And there were literally giraffes walking around San Diego, California, bro.
What does that mean? Somebody captured the fucking giraffe and transported it to San Diego, California.
How do you transport a giraffe? How do you transport a giraffe, bro?
I don't know. That's... I'll never forget that. It was the strangest thing.
I'm like, Bro, we are in San Diego. How the fuck did this thing get here?
We don't have giraffes in this country. I don't think we have giraffes on this continent.
Like, what the fuck?
But somebody somewhere captured that fucking animal.
Or even worse, captured the baby of an adult giraffe and transported it to the United States of America,
San Diego, California, and locked it up. And said, This is where you live now.
New climate, new area, new environment. Something that you're not used to or prepared for,
We're going to make this your home. Welcome. You're welcome, motherfucker.
I rescued you from a life of suffering out there in the desert,
Even though that's where you're supposed to be.
It's weird, bro. Fucking weird to go to SeaWorld and see a giant whale in a swimming pool.
That's weird. That's weird, bro. How people are like, are okay with that is beyond me.
Imagine if that was a human being. Even if it wasn't a human being, just the animal itself.
You decided to play God, apparently, you're Jesus Christ the savior and you saved this whale.
And by keeping it here in captivity, you're saving its life.
That's what you think. That's your rationale. I don't understand it.
I think that's completely wrong. I think that is so wrong, bro. It's so inhumane.
They just lock animals up like that. And not only lock them up in an artificial habitat
But then charge people money to come see them.
You got a fucking killer whale performing like a ballerina,
And you're charging people money to see it. How is that morally acceptable, bro?
Like, for years now, decades, SeaWorld has been getting away with that shit, just whatever.
Capture these animals, keep them in captivity,
Take away their killer instinct and make them perform for humans. That's fucking insane.
Gorillas behind a glass wall. In a fucking, you know, 25 square meter room.
No windows. This is your home now. That is fucking crazy.
That is fucking crazy to me. I don't know, bro. It's weird. It's really weird.
Anyway. Let me take a sip of my Red Bull. I don't know about y'all.
I like drinking coffee in the morning, but not because I need the caffeine
And it's going to wake me up that way because I don't know what's wrong with me,
But the amount of caffeine and your typical cup of coffee is not enough for me.
Caffeine doesn't wake me up in the morning. Like, a lot of people will say,
Oh, I can't even begin to function without my cup of joe.
I just got to have my cup of coffee in the morning so I can get my energy for the day.
But that's not me. I just drink it because it tastes pretty good.
But if I need energy in the morning or any time I got to drink a Red Bull.
Whatever's in Red Bull, that shit works.
Because I get energized from Red Bull. But coffee, no.
So anyway, let me take a sip of my Red Bull.
They recently came out with some new flavors, too. They got tropical.
They got watermelon, blueberry, peach nectar. There's some other ones.
Coconut. That one's really good. So, yeah, I fucks with Red Bull. Heavy. Yeah, man.
Another thing that was on my mind recently is that there are so many things,
So many videos, so many subjects that I've been wanting to talk about on the podcast,
And just not enough time to do it all. You know?
Because I get inspiration from everywhere, from music, movies, TV series,
Conversations, TikTok videos, all types of stuff. Paintings, poems, podcasts.
All of these things can be used as inspiration when I'm trying to make a podcast episode.
And I see or hear all these different subjects that would be really interesting
To think about and talk about and make podcast episodes about.
But to take the time to sit down and prepare each one would take so long,
And I got so much stuff to do. So I got like, hundreds, hundreds of videos saved on my TikTok profile
That I want to use as material in the podcast in the future.
And I was just like, Man, when am I going to have the time to go deeply into all these subjects?
I just don't have the time. This kind of sucks.
It kind of goes back to a podcast episode I did a couple of months ago.
I don't remember what number it was, but it was something like
"The best and worst part of the digital age" or something like that.
I can't remember the title, but I was talking about that specifically.
It's just like, so much content, so little time.
There will be movies and paintings and podcasts and TV shows that we'll never know about
Or consume just because we don't have the time. We have to live life, too.
And you know what's crazy is last night I found myself on YouTube trying to find something to watch.
And there were probably billions, hundreds of millions,
If not billions of videos to watch on YouTube and I'm sitting there just looking at the screen like,
Damn, there's nothing to watch.
I got over 200 videos in my watch later playlist and I'm still like,
Ahh there's just nothing to watch.
Like, I don't, you know, I saved that video a couple of months ago when I was interested
And now I'm like, Ahh I'm good. Not right now. Later. Right?
Everything you put in the 'later list' is just like 'never again list'.
That's what they should call it. I'll never watch this list.
Not the watch later list. But anyway, I was scrolling through that vist of... That vist?
I was scrolling through that list of saved videos and I found one that was interesting
That I want to share with you really quick because this concept can be applied
To so many things but particularly to your English.
I know that's what connects us here is me teaching English and you learning.
But it's really life in general, man.
So this clip that I saw is of a guy named Mr. Beast.
I don't know his real name, but he's a really, really, really, really, really famous YouTuber.
He might be one of the largest in terms of impact, following and,
You know, money and all these types of things.
He might be one of those bigger YouTubers with the biggest channels.
And he was talking about how he got to where he is today, that level of success.
You know, what he had to do. The mindset he had.
So I'm going to share that clip now.
Let him tell you himself and then we'll talk about it after that.
All right? So let me get the video ready.
And you live. It's just like...
Oh. All right, here we go.
If you wake up and every day you obsess over something and you live and breathe it,
And that's what you think about. That's what you do. That's what you study on and off.
That's what you stay up every night grinding and no one else even gives a flying fuck about it.
It's like, you just feel like a weirdo, you know, like an outcast.
And I was also, like, just dumb. Back then I didn't realize,
Oh, well, I just need to find different people.
I thought like, Oh, my whole life, I'll just never enjoy talking to people.
And then I met other YouTubers and then I started talking to them like 10 hours a day,
And I was like... Then that's when the channel really started taking off.
How important was that for you to develop a community online of...
Of fans?
Of friends.
Friends. Oh, beyond important.
It's like, yeah, that's just where you just...
So like, imagine a world where it's just you working solo
And you work 12 hours a day every day for like a year. And you're just grinding.
You make a mistake, you learn from it,
You grind, you make (a mistake), you learn from it. And you do that for like a year.
And then imagine a different world where you have four friends who are also equally grinding in something similar.
Friend number one makes a mistake on Friday. He teaches the other four people.
Friend number two makes a mistake the next week. Teaches everyone.
And then, like you're all learning from each other's mistakes.
You're all constantly studying 24/7 and downloading each other.
Like after a year, you're like two years ahead of the guy who was just solo.
It really does make a difference. Especially like, my friend group when I was like,
I met a bunch of people when I had 10,000 subscribers and we all,
Like, we agreed not to drink. We didn't do drugs. Like, we didn't date. We didn't do anything.
We just literally obsessed from the time we woke up to the time we went to bed.
That's literally all we did. It's wild.
Like, I've told this story before. But for people who didn't listen to our other podcasts,
Like one day I literally got up and we had an 18 hour Skype call
And then I went to bed and that's all I did.
And we were just tearing apart YouTube videos, studying trends and stuff like that.
I don't even know how I got food. Like, pretty sure I was just ordering food
So I didn't even have to leave my house so we could keep working.
Like, it was that level of obsession. It was just dumb.
It was so unhealthy. It's just...
All right. So first of all, I didn't realize until now how fast he actually talks.
So don't feel bad if you couldn't understand everything
Because he was talking pretty fast and like, blending a lot of his words together.
You can tell his mind moves really, really, really fast. You know?
But also you have the transcript for this episode,
So you can obviously go and read everything he said to make sure you truly understood.
But now I just want to talk really quickly about the idea that he was expressing.
Because, again, he was talking about how he got to such a level of success on YouTube,
Millions of subscribers and views, and how he's making money doing this thing.
And the key was just becoming obsessed with YouTube.
Becoming obsessed with being successful on YouTube. Whatever that means to him, you know?
Like, you have to eat, breathe and sleep this thing day in and day out,
Day after day after day after day. And it's not just like,
Oh, I'm going to work on this 30 minutes a day. I'm going to work on this an hour a day.
It's like, Nah, I'm going to work on this 10 to 12 to 16 hours a day until I see results,
Until I see a difference. And then when I start to see results and a difference,
I'm just going to go even harder because it's clearly working. So why would I stop?
Why would I slow down? It just has to become everything to you. Everything.
And it's the same thing with any skill that you want to learn or anything you want to be successful at.
You know, it's one of those things that you can't really teach somebody.
It's just something that comes naturally, I think, is that part of obsession.
To where you want this thing so bad, it's so important to you,
The desire is burning so deeply in your soul to achieve this thing
Or to have this thing or learn this thing that there is nothing on the planet earth
That will stop you from getting it. That's obsession.
You wake up thinking about it. You're at work, you're thinking about it.
You're eating dinner, you're thinking about it.
Before you go to bed, you're thinking about it. You're obsessed. You see what I'm saying?
People who have that trait inside of them are people who can develop an obsession like that.
Even, you know, some people might say it's not healthy and maybe it's not,
But it's definitely effective. So if you can, you know, develop that mindset,
I think you have a much higher chance of achieving whatever it is you want to achieve.
You know what I'm saying? Because when it's just all you think about,
When it's all you do all day, every day, there's no way you're not going to make progress.
There's no way you're not going to learn more by constantly being in contact with this thing.
Constantly trying to improve. You know, it just becomes a part of you in a way.
It becomes just as normal as waking up and having a cup of coffee.
You do that every single day. It's almost like you feel you need to do it.
You just do it. And I think it's like that with any skill.
After a while, it just becomes this thing you do. You know?
And then Mr. Beast, he talked about the importance of having a community of friends
Who are like-minded and have the same goals and objectives.
He said that his channel really took off when he found other YouTubers doing the same things that he was trying to do.
And that way, he had three or four peers that were on more or less the same level as him,
And they're all trying to like, work hard and grind and learn and grow together.
So you basically chop your time in half if you add a friend to the situation.
You chop it into three pieces if you add another one.
Chop it into four, if you add another one.
Hopefully, you can understand what I'm saying.
But if it's going to take you ten years to achieve this thing alone,
If you've got three friends helping you, it'll be three times as fast
Because they're going to make mistakes and you learn from their mistakes.
You're going to make mistakes and they learn from yours.
So you're all learning and growing much faster.
Because you don't have to go through everything to learn everything.
Your friends are going through things that you're not and vice versa.
So you just get there faster and it's better when you have friends
Because some days you're going to feel down and demotivated
And your friends are there to kind of lift you back up and vice versa.
So they're there for you on the good days and the bad days.
You see what I'm saying? You learn from them. They learn from you.
And you just... or I just can't stress enough the importance of community in trying to learn something,
Build something, grow something. Like, there's a lot of stuff you can do by yourself.
You can learn a language theoretically by yourself. You can start a business.
You can do all types of stuff. Travel the world by yourself.
But when you've got friends or peers, people who have been where you want to be
Or people that are going in the same direction, people that have the same goals or values,
And stuff like that, it's something that you can't put a price on.
You really can't, which is why I talk so much about this community,
Which is why I made the Life in English community,
Because, you know, you're trying to learn English by yourself and you can do that.
But it's going to take you so much longer than it would if you had people to learn and practice with.
So in this community, you got myself obviously, but other people from around the world
Who are like-minded with similar goals and we can all learn and grow together.
They learn things and they share them with you. You learn things and you share them with them.
You correct their mistakes. They correct yours. I'm correcting everyone.
And the whole time we're just learning and growing together,
Talking about a bunch of different subjects, philosophy, psychology,
Health care, music, movies. Just talking about life.
And the end result is that this whole time you're constantly in contact with the English language,
But you're also making friends around the world, making connections,
You're learning about much more than just language.
So you get there much faster in a much more enjoyable way. You know?
Because sticking with the context of learning a language it's not about English.
I don't think any of us are just so obsessed or passionate about the language itself.
Even if it is cool and you love it, it's really what you want to do with the language that matters.
I think that's what the whole point is.
I'm sure there are some people out there who just learn languages just because.
But most of us learn a new language because we want to use it for something. Right?
So in a community, you just end up using the language all the time
And you stop thinking about the language.
And I think that's the best way to learn a language. So I don't know, man.
It was just an interesting clip because I think everything you said was 100% true.
One thing that separates...
One thing that separates the 1% from the 99% in terms of success is obsession, I think.
When it just becomes your whole world, everything you think about,
There's no way you're not going to get to where you want to go. There's no way.
Because what you think about becomes what you do and what you do becomes what you experience.
So if you're constantly thinking about achieving this goal, it has 100% of your focus,
You're going to start to manifest whatever that is in your reality. Just naturally. Naturally.
So... and you're going to get that much faster and have a lot more fun
If you can find other friends that have the similar goals, similar mindset.
So you guys can push each other forward and help each other. You know?
There's nothing better. So you can do it alone, but you don't have to.
And in most cases, you probably shouldn't. You know what I'm saying?
And of course, I'm generalizing here. It depends on the situation, the context, the person.
But I'm sure you get the point. You know? How long we've been here?
Man, that was a quick 45, man. That was a quick 45.
But listen, man, I'm going to get out of here.
Like I said, I just wanted to come through, talk about nothing with you for a little bit.
And I guess that's it, man. I definitely got some new podcast episodes coming soon.
A little more... What's the word? Organized episodes with particular subjects
And a particular goal we're trying to achieve and shit like that. But yeah.
On the Coffee with Kaizen just wanted to come and talk about nothing with you, man.
So that's number 33 in the books. I hope you enjoyed the episode.
Also, one more thing before I go. If you're still here with me at this point,
I just want to remind you and encourage you to get involved in the community.
It's cool to listen to these episodes, to read the transcripts, to do the writing prompts.
Hopefully, you're doing all that stuff, but it's also really important
That you remember that you've got to use the language that you're learning and being exposed to.
So don't be afraid to get in the community and start conversations,
Send people messages, you know, start voice calls and things like that.
Interact, man. Don't be afraid.
I know most people are shy when they first join the community
Or don't know how to approach strangers and things like that. I get that 100%.
But I'm just saying, man, the community is only as good as its members
And I'm working really hard to attract new and better members.
But for you and all the others that are currently in the group,
I think to make the community better, we have to be better. You know?
So, anyway, I just wanted to give you that reminder and that encouragement to get on there
And start talking to people man. Send me a me...
Don't be afraid to send me a message either, you know. Hit me up.
Start some conversations. I love it, bro.
Exchanging ideas and helping you guys learn and grow and practice is the whole point of this podcast,
This community, and everything I'm doing. You know?
So yeah, just a little bit of... What's today, Saturday?
A little bit of Saturday morning encouragement for you.
I don't know when this episode is going to be released,
But it's Saturday morning right now and I just felt the need to encourage you a little bit.
So hopefully you take that to heart, my friend.
But now that was, that is, I don't know.
That is Coffee with Kaizen number 33 in the books.
I hope you enjoyed the episode and I will definitely talk to you soon.
Peace!